Welcome to Paul Thek today
I want you three in this video
Exercises show with those young men
regularly with in his tournament
entire body can completely sculpt around
that means you can do with these exercises
really lose fat
nice muscles shape and right
a lot of endurance was finally achieved
the first exercise are not direct potter
Put your hands under your shoulders
on spring with the feet to the rear and
tries one at the same time
to make push-ups then you jump
with your feet back to the front and then
back in the klenk
a push-up you can do this exercise
make it easier with the
The single backwards makes the feet
push-ups on the knees come to the
Feet goes up to the front
hands and back no matter at
which variant 1 tighter and tense
your back is just breathing evenly
The second exercise is like ups and downs
with hip comes for yours
elbow presses alternately
on the hands up then back to the
elbow down once right and once
left then you turn your hip four
times from right to left
then the whole thing repeats from the beginning
expresses itself to come up
the same side down the change
side and then you would know your hip
four times from left to right
always alternating in this exercise completely
important move as straight and your
belly tight but also tense
Here even now you can do this exercise
make something easier by looking at the
Here too is the back
just pay attention that each one of his
elbows or your hands directly below
your shoulders are exciting too
Hold on and try as much as possible
to hold body tension
evenly and exhale
third and last exercise is the two
Squad here you are doing a normal kid
bend and in the second knee belonging
you pull yourself off dynamically and jump
trying to get up really far
to get off the ground
Very important in this exercise is just
again a lot of body tension and that
you softly cushion the knees in the knees
remains behind
straight and you look forward to it
down and breathe heart upward
pushes or when you go up
also stretches this exercise
of course easier if we only
the jump just omitting only times
doing normal squats that
weight of the rock on waves when these
You will do exercises regularly
really remember and, above all, see
within weeks, like itself
change your body
Of course it is very important that you do this
exercises not only once but
that you really have them three to four times
install per week in your training
as a beginner you should try
to create five to ten repetitions
if it's a bit fitter
then from 10 repetition until 20
repetitions quite important
Also try to healthy you
so eat healthy enough
drink water and exercise regularly
and he can not go wrong
your way to his personal burki
figure
if you say that 90 too
free recipes to help you
to break down a body fat
click on the link below this
video and I give you my
free az xi simply by e mail
to the next